YOU'RE DEAD,
SPENCER.
WHAT YOU DOING, SHAWN?
NOTHING.
LOOKS LIKE SOMETHING TO ME.
[SIGHING]: OKAY.
I WAS RUNNING AWAY
FROM RYAN BRICKHOUSE.
THAT HIM?
UH-HUH.
IS HE THE SAME KID
WHO'S BEEN HASSLING YOU
ALL WEEK?
YEAH.
AND WHY IS HE
CHASING YOU TODAY?
I MIGHT HAVE
THROWN A ROCK AT HIM.
DID YOU HIT HIM?
ALMOST.
GET BACK OUT THERE.
WHAT?
CAN'T RUN AWAY
FROM THE BAD GUYS FOREVER.
EVENTUALLY, YOU'VE GOT TO
COME UP WITH A NEW APPROACH.
SO...
SO...FIND ONE.
YOU'RE FLUNKING MATH?
PROUDLY.
HERE'S THE DEAL--
LEAVE ME ALONE,
I'LL MAKE SURE
YOU ACE THE TEST TOMORROW.
HOW?
EVERY THIRD ANSWER IS "C".
THERE'S A PA'I'I'ERN
TO ALL HER TESTS.
MRS. BODANSKY
DOES IT EVERY TIME.
I MEMORIZED IT.
I'LL SHOW YOU.
YOU BE'I'I'ER NOT BE LYING.
NOT BAD.
YOU FACED YOUR FEARS.
YOU GOT A NEW RESULT.
YOU CAME OUT
AHEAD.
DID YOU REALLY MEMORIZE
THOSE TEST ANSWERS?
YEAH.
[EXHALING]
WHO ARE YOU CALLING?
[RINGING]
YOUR MATH TEACHER.
[VIDEO GAME BEEPING]
NO. NO. NO.
NO. YES.
YES...
NICKEL--
THAT'S A NICKEL.
YES. YES. YES.
WHO WAS THAT?
WHO WAS WHO?
THE GIRL SITTING
AT OUR FRONT DESK.
YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT THE LOVELY DAGMAR.
DAG MAR?
SHE'S OUR NEW RECEPTIONIST.
HOW DID SHE GET THE JOB?
THE AGENCY
SENT HER OVER.
YOU CONTACTED
A TEMP AGENCY
WITHOUT CONSULTING ME?
GUS, ANYONE CAN
GET A SECRETARY
FROM A TEMP AGENCY.
IT TAKES REAL FORESIGHT
AND CREATIVITY
TO GET ONE FROM
A MODELING AGENCY.
A MODELING AGENCY?
WOW.
NOW, WHY WOULD
A BEAUTIFUL LADY LIKE THAT
WANT TO BE OUR SECRETARY?
[GAME CHIRPS]
OH, THAT'S A BIT
OF A STORY, YOU SEE.
APPARENTLY,
SHE GOT IT IN HER HEAD
THAT THIS
WAS A RUNWAY GIG.
I BLAME THE AGENT.
I WAS VERY CLEAR
ON THE PHONE.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
BUT SHE'S COOL
WITH STICKING AROUND
FOR THE REST OF THE DAY,
SEEING HOW IT GOES.
YOU KNOW
HOW SLOW IT GETS
WHEN IT'S NOT
MODELING SEASON.
DOES SHE ANSWER
THE PHONE?
YES, BUT ONLY HER CELL PHONE.
SHE'S EXPECTING A CALL
FROM MILAN.
DOES SHE FILE?
MOSTLY HER NAILS.
COFFEE?
YEAH, SHE WANTS SOME.
CAN I MAKE YOU ANYTHING?
NO.
[RINGING]
DUDE, I THOUGHT
YOU WEREN'T COMING IN
TILL, LIKE, NOON?
BIG DRAMA AT THE OFFICE TODAY.
A DOCTOR WE SUPPLY PRODUCT TO
GOT KILLED.
WHOA!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
YOU DIDN'T CALL ME IMMEDIATELY?
YOU DON'T KNOW HIM.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO, REMEMBER?
WE CAN SOLVE THE CASE.
THE POLICE ARE ALREADY THERE.
THIS MEANS NOTHING TO ME.
THEY'RE GOING TO NEED HELP.
GUIDANCE.
PSYCHIC VIBRATIONS.
DAG MAR!
OH!
[SPEAKING GERMAN]
[SPEAKS GERMAN]
SHE DOESN'T SPEAK ENGLISH?
DOES SHE NEED TO?
WHERE IN THE NAME
OF ALL THAT IS HOLY
IS MY FORENSICS TEAM?
ALL RIGHT, WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THIS DOCTOR
THAT I CAN PRETEND TO ASCERTAIN
FROM THE SPIRIT WORLD?
DR. BLINN WASN'T
ON MY ROUTE.
I DID COVER HIM
A FEW TIMES.
ALL I REMEMBER
IS HE ALWAYS
MADE YOU WAIT,
AND HE HAD AN PICTURE
OF PETE ROSE ON HIS WALL.
LOOK HOW CUTE SHE IS
IN THE FUCHSIA.
I HAVE BEEN SENT
BY THE SPIRIT OF PETE ROSE.
PETE ROSE ISN'T DEAD.
THERE WAS A PHOTO OF PETE ROSE
ON THE WALL.
OKAY, WHY HAVE I BEEN
DRAWN HERE?
WAS THERE A MURDER?
DO I NEED THE LITTLE BOOTIES
FOR THE CRIME SCENE?
THANKS, BUT WE'RE DOING
JUST FINE.
DON'T GO IN THE BACK ROOM.
MY GRANDPA
LOVED PETE ROSE.
I WANT YOU GUYS
RINGING DOORBELLS.
IF ANYBODY SAW ANYTHING,
I WANT TO KNOW ABOUT IT.
PATIENT FILES?
CABINET'S LOCKED.
WE HAVEN'T FOUND THE KEY.
GET AHOLD
OF THE D.A.'S OFFICE.
TELL THEM I NEED
ACCESS TO THOSE FILES.
IF THEY SAY WE NEED
A WARRANT, GET IT.
ALSO, GET ME A COPY
OF HIS DESK CALENDAR.
I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU NO.
BUT YOUR EYES
SAID YES.
HEY, WHO'S
THAT CINCINNATI RED
WITH THE BOWL CUT?
LET ME BE PERFECT LY CLEAR.
THIS IS MY CRIME SCENE.
I DON'T NEED
YOUR HELP.
I DON'T WANT
IF YOU DON'T
LEAVE RIGHT NOW,
I WILL HAVE YOU ARRESTED
FOR INTERFERING
WITH A POLICE INVESTIGATION.
AM I CLEAR?
LIKE BUTTER.
I'VE GIVEN THIS
A GREAT DEAL OF THOUGHT.
I THINK WE SHOULD
TAKE THE REST OF THE DAY OFF.
WHAT SAY YOU?
ALL WE'VE DONE IS EAT
A BOX OF ANIMAL COOKIES
AND CRASH A CRIME SCENE.
THE CASE
WITH THE DOCTOR--
THEY'RE COMING BACK TO US
EVENTUALLY.
YOU KNOW THIS.
SO LET'S GO
TO THE BEACH.
IT'S TOO NICE A DAY
FOR MURDER AND MAYHEM.
[DOOR OPENS]
I HAVE TO SEE THEM
HT NOW--
IT'S IMPORTANT.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T MEAN
TO BARGE IN, BUT...
I NEED HELP.
[SHAWN]: MR. DUNN...
ROBERT...
HOW CAN WE HELP?
AND CAN I CALL YOU "BOB"?
THIS IS DIFFICULT.
TAKE YOUR TIME.
WE'RE HERE.
I'M JUST GOING TO COME OUT
AND SAY IT.
[SIGHING]
I'M BEING HAUNTED.
HAUNTED?
YES.
THERE'S A HAUNTING...
[MOUTHING WORDS]
GUS, CAN I TALK
TO YOU OUTSIDE?
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING.
GUS.
STOP TALKING. SIT DOWN.
NOW, WHAT EXACTLY
DO YOU MEAN
WHEN YOU SAY "HAUNTED"?
WELL...
MY HOME...
SOMETIMES
I SMELL PERFUME
WHEN NO ONE ELSE
IS AROUND.
THINGS GET BROKEN
OR MOVED.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
I THINK YOU HAVE
A TEST MESSAGE.
I'LL GET IT LATER.
I THINK YOU SHOULD
GET IT NOW.
SORRY.
WORK BUSINESS.
OKAY...
CAN I ASK YOU A QUESTION?
YEAH.
DO THESE SPIRITS EVER
SPEAK TO YOU?
NO. NO.
WHATEVER--
WHOEVER IT IS,
IT HASN'T
SPOKEN TO ME.
OH.
HAVE YOU CONTACTED THE POLICE?
YEAH,
BUT THEY SAID
THERE WAS NOTHING THEY COULD DO.
SO HERE I AM.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
ROBERT, WE DEAL
WITH THIS KIND OF PHENOMENON
ALL THE TIME,
AND WHAT YOU NEED
TO REALIZE
IS THAT EVICTING
A SPIRIT
IS A VERY
TIME-CONSUMING
AND ABSURDLY
EXPENSIVE PROCESS.
I DON'T CARE, OKAY?
I JUST CAN'T GO ON
LIVING THIS WAY.
[CELL PHONE CHIRPS]
EXCUSE ME.
OH, REALLY?
YES!
YES, SHAWN.
ALL I'M SAYING IS THAT
IT MIGHT BE EASIER
TO TRY MOVING INTO
A DIFFERENT HOUSE.
ONE THAT'S LESS...
HAUNTED.
I TRIED THAT.
WHATEVER THIS THING IS,
IT FOLLOWED ME
ALL THE WAY FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
MAYBE IT LIKES YOU.
NO. I DON'T THINK SO.
WHAT MAKES YOU
SAY THAT?
I THINK
IT TRIED TO KILL ME.
[***]
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
THAT I'M NOT TELLING THE TRUTH *
THEY JUST DON'T HAVE ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* THEY WILL PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END **
GUS, WHAT IS ALL THIS?
GEAR WE MIGHT NEED.
IF WE'RE GOING TO BE
HUNTING FOR SPIRITS,
WE MIGHT AS WELL
DO IT RIGHT.
METHODICALLY,
SYSTEMATICALLY,
SCIENTIFICALLY.
WHO KNOWS,
WE MIGHT BE SURPRISED
WHAT WE FIND.
VIDEO CAMERA, NICE.
AUDIO RECORDER.
MOTION DETECTORS.
GUS, I AM
VERY IMPRESSED.
YOU ONLY FORGOT
ONE THING.
REALLY? WHAT?
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS GHOSTS.
YES, THERE IS.
OH, GUS, NO.
OKAY.
STOP. PLEASE.
LET'S JUST...
LET'S JUST STOP.
COME HERE, SIT DOWN.
PLEASE. SIT.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS ME TALKING.
THIS IS SHAWN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I USUALLY HAVE TO DRAG YOU
TO THESE CASES
KICKING AND SCREAMING,
AND THOSE ARE REAL POLICE CASES.
NOW, ALL OF A SUDDEN,
WE HAVE SOME CLIENT
WHO IS EITHER BONKERS,
OR, JUDGING BY THE SIZE
OF THE BAGS UNDER HIS EYES,
SUFFERING FROM NOTHING MORE
THAN WAKING DREAMS
OR HALLUCINATIONS,
AND YOU, YOU'RE READY
TO GO GHOST-HUNTING.
TALK TO ME.
ALL RIGHT.
I'VE NEVER TOLD THIS
TO ANYONE BEFORE,
BUT...
I WAS 12.
[SIGHING]
GUS, IT'S ME.
IT WAS LATE.
I WAS IN MY ROOM
WITH THE LIGHTS OFF.
I HEARD A VOICE.
GUS, I'M SURE
THERE'S A PERFECT LY LOGICAL
EXPLANATION--
NO, NO, NO, SHAWN.
IT WASN'T ON TV
AND IT WASN'T A RADIO.
IT WAS COMING FROM THE WALLS,
AND THE VOICE...
THE VOICE TOLD ME
THAT OUR HOUSE WAS BUILT
ON AN OLD INDIAN BURIAL GROUND.
SHUT UP.
SHE SAID--
SHE SAID SHE WAS SAD
BECAUSE SHE HAD DIED
MANY MOONS AGO
AND WAS TRAPPED BETWEEN WORLDS.
WHEN I ASKED HER
HER NAME, SHAWN...
SHE SAID...
"MY NAM E--"
[FEMININE VOICE]:
MY NAME IS WILTING FLOWER.
I DIED WITHOUT
KNOWING LOVE.
WILL YOU BE MY FRIEND?
HOW-- HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?
I NEVER TOLD IT
TO ANYONE BEFORE!
[NORMAL VOICE]:
I WAS WILTING FLOWER.
GUS!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT YOU FELL FOR THAT!
I PUT AN OLD WALKIE-TALKIE
IN THE WALL
WHEN YOUR DAD...
[SNICKERING]: WHEN YOUR DAD
PUT IN THE NEW INSULATION.
THE OLD INDIAN
BURIAL GROUND?
YOU BOUGHT THAT?
I GOT THAT FROM POLTERGEIST...
OR POLTERGEIST II.
GREMLINS?
NO, IT WASN'T
GREMLINS.
THAT'S NOT FUNNY,
SHAWN.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S ADD A "TRIXIE" TO THAT--
NOW, SHE IS THE COMPANION
TO "SCRAPPY," RIGHT?
OKAY, GREAT, LET'S ADD THAT
TO "GIRL WITH FLOWERS"
AND "MERRY MUSICIANS."
OKAY, NOW, LISTEN,
I NEED THE CARD TO READ,
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
'EX' IS THE LONELIEST LE'I'I'ER
IN THE ALPHABET."
BUT I NEED YOU TO SPELL IT E-X,
AS IN...
OH, YOU GOT IT?
OKAY, WELL, LISTEN,
IT CONTINUES...
"FROM YOUIII}E |\)|(OT-YET-'EX"'--
PERFECT.
THESE'LL GO OUT TODAY, RIGHT?
ALL RIGHTY-DIGHTY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU COLLECTED FIGURINES.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE
A GRANDMOTHER WHO--
DO YOU NOT KNOCK?
THERE'S NO DOOR.
AND?
SORRY.
THE D.A.'S OFFICE CALLED.
THEY SAID THAT WE CAN
HAVE ACCESS
TO DR. BLINN'S PATIENTS' FILES.
ABOUT TIME.
LET'S GET IN THERE,
GET THOSE ADDRESSES,
AND BRING THESE NUTJOBS IN
FOR QUESTIONING.
HERE'S WHERE I FOUND
ALL MY PAINTINGS LAST WEEKEND...
[DEVICE BEEPING]
UPSIDE DOWN.
I'VE GOT A COLD SPOT.
RIGHT HERE.
FEEL IT?
YES. YES, I DO.
ROBERT, WE'VE DEFINITELY
GOT SOMETHING HERE.
YOU'RE STANDING
UNDER A VENT.
SO ALL THESE ARE YOURS, HUH?
YEAH.
I'M TRYING TO GET READY
FOR A SHOW.
NO KIDDING.
HAS ANYTHING STRANGE
EVER HAPPENED IN HERE?
SOMETIMES
I GET THE FEELING
THAT THE FURNITURE
HAS BEEN MOVED.
MM-HMM. MM-HMM.
DID YOU ACTUALLY
SEE IT HAPPEN?
NO, I JUST
COME INTO A ROOM
AND EVERYTHING'S
NOT WHERE I LEFI' IT.
ROBERT, DO YOU HAVE
A PHOTO ALBUM?
YEAH.
AH.
THAT'S A NICE SHOT, HUH?
OH. OH, OH, OH!
I FEEL IT.
I FEEL IT! OH, GUS! GUS!
OH!
OH, SHE IS ANGRY!
SHE IS ANGRY!
SHE IS SOARING
WITH RAGE AND--
[SH RIEKING PRIMALLY]
SHE WANTS TO GO
INTO THE BEDROOM!
WHERE'S THE BEDROOM?
IT'S HERE. HERE.
TAKE ME!
OH!
[SHAWN SHRIEKING PRIMALLY]
[WHIMPERS]
[RASPS]
[BOOK THUDS]
I'VE LOST HER.
[SIGHING]
YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME,
DO YOU?
NO, OF COURSE WE DO.
YOU SAW IT, TOO, DIDN'T YOU?
GUYS.
PLEASE.
STAY THE NIGHT.
THEN YOU'LL SEE.
I MEAN, YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT'S BEEN LIKE.
I CAN'T WORK.
I CAN'T CONCENTRATE.
I WAKE UP
IN THE MORNING
MORE TIRED THAN
WHEN I WENT TO BED.
DAYS PASS
AND I CAN'T REMEMBER
WHAT I'VE DONE.
UTHING WORDS]
[SOBBING]
[MOUTHING WORDS]
[SOBBING CONTINUES]
[WEEPING]
[MOUTHING WORDS]
[SOBBING]
[WHIMPERING]
THIS PULLS OUT
INTO A BED,
BUT THAT'S ALL I GOT.
AH, NO WORRIES.
WHAT'S A LITTLE SPOONING
BETWEEN OLD PALS, HUH, GUS?
WELL, GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT, ROB.
YOU GOT THE FLOOR.
WE'LL MAKE IT WORK.
YOU DON'T MIND IF I NUDE UP
FOR THE SLEEPOVER, RIGHT?
SERIOUSLY, SHAWN.
THE OTHER ONE IS ON WATCH.
OH, NO, WE'LL BOTH SLEEP.
I'LL PUT ON SOME SOCKS,
MAKE YOU FEEL MORE COMFORTABLE.
STOP PLAYING, SHAWN.
WE'RE HERE
TO SOLVE A CASE.
I ALREADY SOLVED IT.
WHEN?
WHEN YOU WERE FLAPPING THE BOOK
LIKE A BIRD?
GUS, IF YOU MUST KNOW,
IT WAS A BALD EAGLE...
AND YES.
YOU FOUND THE GHOST?
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS GHOSTS.
YES, THERE IS, SHAWN.
NO, THERE ISN'T,
BUT THERE IS SUCH A THING
AS A PISSED-OFF EX-GIRLFRIEND.
WHAT EX-GIRLFRIEN D?
NO ONE MENTIONED ANYTHING
ABOUT AN EX.
YOU DIDN'T LOOK
AT THE PHOTO ALBUM?
REDHEAD.
SHE'S CUTE.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
SHE'S AN EX?
OH, COME ON.
THERE'S DIRTY DISHES EVERYWHERE.
HIS BEDROOM IS A MESS.
HIS NAILS ARE FILTHY.
HIS HAIR IS HORRIBLE.
NO GIRLFRIEND'S GOING TO PUT UP
WITH THAT.
AND EXHIBIT "A"--
WHO ELSE WOULD
"X" THROUGH HIS FACE
IN ALL OF THESE
PICTURES?
OKAY, OKAY.
SAY SHE'S THE EX.
WE STILL DON'T KNOW
SHE'S ACTUALLY BEEN HERE.
THERE ARE STRANDS OF RED HAIR
ALL OVER THE STUDIO.
SHOULD WE TELL ROBERT?
HOW PSYCHIC WOULD THAT BE?
NO. WE'LL SPEND THE NIGHT.
IT'S FINE.
CATCH UP
WITH THE EX TOMORROW,
TALK TO HER,
SEE WHAT'S GOING ON.
MEANWHILE, I'M GOING TO DO
SOME SIT-UPS.
COME HOLD MY FEET.
I'M GOING TO
DO A THOUSAND!
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[COUGHING]
SHAWN! GET UP!
WHAT?
AAH! AAH!
AH! GET-- GET ROBERT!
I COULD'VE DIED.
IF YOU GUYS WEREN'T HERE, I...
WHY IS IT DOING THIS TO ME?
WHY IS IT TRYING TO KILL ME?
OKAY. OKAY.
ROBERT, HEY, HEY, HEY.
HEY. BOBBY.
LOOK AT ME.
NOW, WHO HERE
HAS COMMUNICATED
WITH MORE
DISPOSSESSED SOULS?
YOU OR ME?
YOU?
THAT'S CORRECT.
NOW I AM TELLING YOU
THAT THIS, THIS FIRE,
WAS NOT AN A'I'I'EMPT
ON YOUR LIFE.
IT WASN'T?
NO.
THIS WAS A SAD AND DESPERATE
CRY FOR HELP
FROM A VERY FRIGHTENED,
VERY LONELY APPARITION.
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
ABSOLUTELY.
OF COURSE,
IT'S ALSO POSSIBLE
THAT SOMEONE SIMPLY
LEFI' A CANDLE BURNING.
I DON'T BURN
CANDLES.
GUS, DID YOU
BURN A CANDLE?
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
CRY FOR HELP IT IS.
NO ONE CAME IN
WHILE WE WERE SLEEPING.
I CHECKED THE DOORS
AND THE WINDOWS.
THEY WERE ALL LOCKED...
FROM THE INSIDE.
WHY ARE YOU
LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT?
THAT'S ALL YOU DID?
CHECK THE DOORS AND THE WINDOWS?
YEAH. WHY?
WHERE DID THAT
COME FROM?
DON'T LOOK AT ME.
I'M NOT WEARING
LIPSTICK.
THIS IS THE ONLY
POST OFFICE BOX
LISTED FOR REGINA KANE.
ACCORDING TO
DR. BLINN'S CALENDAR,
SHE WAS HIS LAST
APPOINTMENT.
SHE MIGHT HAVE
SEEN SOMETHING.
I WANT TO FIND HER.
WELL, IF THIS IS WHERE
SHE PICKS UP HER MAIL,
SHE PROBABLY LIVES
CLOSE BY.
CANVASS
THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
SEE IF
ANYONE KNOWS HER.
THAT'S A REALLY
SMART APPROACH.
WHAT? THAT--
THAT SHOCKS YOU?
I MEANT THAT AS A COMPLIMENT.
REALLY?
YEAH.
WELL, THANKS A LOT.
WAS THAT SARCASTIC?
NO.
OH. OKAY.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
YOU STILL THINK
IT'S THE EX-GIRLFRIEND?
A WOMAN SCORNED
IS A WOMAN WITH MOTIVE.
WE NEED TO TALK
TO THIS WOMAN.
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
I'M TIED UP WITH WORK
FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK.
GUS, THAT'S SO LAME.
OOH! PULL OVER.
GOOD MORNING, DETECT IVES!
COLLECTING DONATIONS
FOR THE POLICEMAN'S BALL?
WE DON'T HAVE BALLS.
I HON ESTLY HAVE
NO RESPONSE TO THAT.
NEED I REMIND YOU, MR. SPENCER,
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU INTERFERE
WITH A POLICE INVESTIGATION?
UH... THE CASE
GETS SOLVED?
WAIT A MINUTE!
YOU GUYS ARE
WORKING ON
THAT MURDER THINGY,
RIGHT?
I COMPLETELY
FORGOT ABOUT THAT.
HOW'S THAT GOING?
SILLY QUESTION.
WE'LL LET YOU GET BACK
TO YOUR INVESTIGATING.
BYE, JULIET.
OKAY, WHERE TO NEXT?
LISTEN, WE CHANGE
OUR CLOTHES,
WE GET SOME LUNCH,
AND I HAVE TO
GET BACK TO WORK.
GUS, THE PLOT
IS THICKENING.
SHAWN, I'VE ALREADY MISSED
TWO DAYS THIS WEEK.
OH, FINE, FINE, FINE.
YOUR WISHES.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT'S RIGHT.
[YAWNING]: OH, BOY.
THERE HE IS!
WHAT TIME IS IT?
DAYTIM E.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I MIGHT HAVE DROPPED
SIX ALLERGY PILLS
IN YOUR FROSTY
WHILE YOU WERE PEEING.
YOU DID WHAT?
WHERE ARE WE?
PALO ALTO.
SAN FRANCISCO?
NO, BUT CLOSE.
ROBERT'S EX-GIRLFRIEND
LIVES UP HERE, GUS,
AND WE REALLY NEED TO
TALK TO HER.
I WILL KILL YOU,
SHAWN...
AND THEN YOU'RE GOING TO
BUY ME SOME NEW TIRES.
OH, COME ON, THIS IS FUN.
ROAD TRIP.
KIDNAPPING.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT THIS IS.
THAT'S IT,
WE'RE NOT TALKING.
WHAT, SERIOUSLY?
SO, WE'RE REALLY NOT
TALKING NOW?
COME ON,
HOW MATURE IS THIS?
THE SILENT TREATMENT
IS NOT HOW CONFLICT
GETS RESOLVED, GUS.
WE NEED TO
WORK THROUGH THIS.
WE NEED TO SHARE
OUR FEELINGS...
MAYBE A SMOOTHIE.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
YES?
NEVER MIND.
IT'S NOT HER.
PARDON ME.
[CELL PHONE CHIRPS AND BUZZES]
WHAT DO I MEAN,
IT'S NOT HER?
LIPS.
LIPS DON'T MATCH.
LIPS THAT KISSED YOUR FOREHEAD
DO NOT BELONG TO AMY KESSLER,
THEREFORE SHE'S NOT OUR GHOST.
YOU DIDN'T DRIVE
ALL THE WAY OUT HERE
SO YOU COULD SAY,
"IT'S NOT HER,"
AND LEAVE?
"WE'RE TALKING TO HEP."
"HER."
"CARLTON...
SEPARATION MEANS APART."
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
WHATCHA GOT THERE?
NOTHING.
ARE YOU OKAY?
OF COURSE I'M OKAY.
YOU LOOK SAD.
I AM SAD.
WHY ARE YOU SAD?
I'M SAD
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE
MY FORENSICS REPORT
ON MY DEAD DOCTOR,
OR A LEAD
ON MY POSSIBLE WITNESS,
REGINA KANE.
WHAT ABOUT THAT PSYCHIC GUY?
ISN'T SHAWN GREAT
AT THIS SORT OF THING?
FINDING PEOPLE?
MAYBE WE SHOULD BRING HIM IN--
MAYBE YOU SHOULD JUST
KEEP YOUR IDEAS TO YOURSELF.
THAT'S A JOKE, RIGHT?
YES.
YES, IT IS.
OKAY.
VERY NICE.
EXQUISITE BRUSH STROKES.
IT'S A PRINT.
I'M REFERRING, OF COURSE,
TO THE ORIGINAL.
I'M SORRY...
WHAT'S THE NAME OF YOUR GALLERY
AGAIN?
THAT'S BEEN A BIT OF A PROBLEM,
ACTUALLY.
WE WANTED TO CALL IT...
[FEIGNING FRENCH ACCENT]:
LE PETIT LOUVRE...
[NORMAL VOICE]:
BUT APPARENTLY,
THE ART SNOBS IN FRANCE
THINK THEY HAVE A MONOPOLY
ON ALL THINGS LOUVRE.
WE ALSO TRIED
LOUVRE II...
LOUVRE JUNIOR...
NIGHT GALLERY.
NOTHING CLEARED.
THE IMPORTANT
THING IS,
WE WANT TO SHOW
THE AMAZING WORK
OF ROBERT DUNN,
AND HE LISTED YOU
AS A CHARACTER REFERENCE.
WE ARE VERY SELECT
WITH THE CLIENTS
THAT WE TAKE ON.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, FRANCOIS?
I HAVE TO ADMIT,
I'M SURPRISED ROBERT
WOULD LIST ME
AS A CHARACTER
REFERENCE.
WE DATED FOR A PERIOD,
AND IT DIDN'T END WELL.
CAN I ASK WHY?
NOT TO PRY,
BUT HE DID LIST YOU
AS A REFERENCE.
THE USUAL.
FORGE'ITING DATES.
STANDING ME UP.
SOMETIMES HE'D GET
SO WRAPPED UP IN HIS WORK
HE'D DISAPPEAR
FOR DAYS AT A TIME.
THE WORST WAS WHEN
HE CHEATED ON ME
AND LIED ABOUT IT.
OH...
YOU MUST HAVE BEEN
BURNING WITH FURIOUS ANGER.
IT WAS JUST
SO STUPID.
A GIRLFRIEND OF MINE
SAW HIM IN A CLUB
WITH ANOTHER WOMAN.
HE WAS DRUNK
AND PRETENDED
THAT SHE HAD HIM CONFUSED
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
HE SAID HIS NAME WAS--
GET THIS-- MARTIN BRODY.
MARTIN BRODY?
ROY SCHEIDER'S CHARACTER
FROM JAWS?
YES. HOW'D YOU KNOW?
WELL, I'VE SEEN JAWS.
IT'S HIS FAVORITE
MOVIE.
ANYWAY, WHEN I ASKED HIM
ABOUT IT,
HE PRETENDED HE'D NEVER EVEN
HEARD OF THE CLUB.
THAT'S, UH...
[FEIGNING FRENCH ACCENT]:
HORRIBLE.
YOU MUST HAVE
WANTED TO KILL HIM.
BUT...
PROBABLY NOT SO MUCH
ANYMORE.
YOU'RE PRETI'Y
HAPPILY ENGAGED,
AREN'T YOU?
YES.
ISN'T THE RING GREAT?
[CH UCKLES POLITELY]
OKAY, SO SHE'S NOT
OUR GHOST.
EVEN THE LONGEST JOURNEYS
CAN START
WITH A TINY MISSTEP.
OVERALL, IT WAS STILL
A VERY GOOD DAY.
HOW WAS IT
A GOOD DAY?
OH, COME ON, GUS.
FIRST OF ALL, ROAD TRIP.
ALWAYS FUN.
WE GOT SOME
FRESH-BAKED SOURDOUGH.
VERY NICE.
AND THE AGENCY'S SENDING US
A NEW SECRETARY TOMORROW.
AND YES,
SHE SPEAKS ENGLISH,
FLUENTLY.
SHAWN, WE TALKED ABOUT THIS.
WE CAN'T AFFORD A RECEPTIONIST.
I DON'T THINK WE CAN AFFORD
NOT TO HAVE ONE.
[TIRES SQUEALING]
GUS?
WHAT?
I THINK MAYBE WE SHOULD MOVE.
COME ON, GUS!
GET IN GEAR!
GO, GO, GO!
[CRASHING]
[HISSING]
HEY!
THE GUY'S
LIKE A WHIPPET.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
WHAT'S THE SUPERSMELLER SAY?
SOMEBODY HAD
TOO MUCH TO DRINK.
[CHUCKLING]
[CLAPPING]
WHAT ARE YOU SO HAPPY FOR?
WE ALMOST GOT KILLED.
THIS WAS NOT AN ACCIDENT.
WHOEVER THAT IS
WAS WAITING FOR US,
AND WE HAVE A NEW SUSPECT
FOR ROBERT'S GHOST.
[DOORBELL CHIMING]
HE DIDN'T ANSWER
HIS PHONE.
MAYBE HE'S NOT HOME.
ROBERT?
OR MAYBE...
WHOEVER TRIED TO KILL US
LAST NIGHT
ALSO PAID ROBERT A VISIT...
AND LEFI' THE DOOR UNLOCKED.
ANYBODY HOME?
ROBERT?
BOB?
SHAWN, YOU MIGHT
WANT TO SEE THIS.
"SAVE ME. I'M TRAPPED."
HMM.
I DON'T WANT TO
JUMP TO CONCLUSIONS HERE,
BUT THIS VERY WELL MAY BE
A CRY FOR HELP.
MAYBE SOMEONE DIED HERE...
OR WAS BURIED ALIVE.
THIS COULD BE THE CRY
OF A TORTURED SOUL.
SO THIS GUY
JUST HAPPENS TO MOVE
INTO TWO HAUNTED HOUSES
IN A ROW?
DON'T TOUCH THAT.
IT'S BLOOD.
IT'S NOT BLOOD.
ENJOY YOUR HEPATITIS.
AND THIS TORTURED SOUL
MIGHT BE LESS TORTURED
WITH A LATEX ENAMEL.
HE WOULDN'T GET
THESE MESSY DRIPS.
NOW WHAT?
OOH...
I'VE GOT IT.
I'VEGOTIT.
HALLELUJAH!
WOW.
WHAT?
YOU'VE GOT TO SEE THIS.
[GRU NTS]
HUH.
NOT WHAT I WAS EXPECTING.
OKAY, I KNOW WHAT
I'M LOOKING AT, BUT...
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
IS IT A GHOST?
NO, BUDDY,
IT'S NOT A GHOST.
IS THERE A WOMAN
LIVING UP HERE?
WELL, THAT WOULD
CERTAINLY EXPLAIN
THE PERFUME
ROBERT'S BEEN SMELLING
AND ALL THE RED HAIR
LAYING EVERYWHERE,
BUT NO, NO DICE.
THEN WHAT IS IT?
OH, COME ON, GUS.
LOOK.
WHAT?
ROBERT IS A WOMAN.
NO, HE'S NOT.
NOT ALL THE TIME,
BUT SOMETIMES.
NO, DOESN'T SEEM LIKE THE TYPE.
HE'S NOT THE TYPE.
THEN HOW?
UNLESS HE HAS
THAT PERSONALITY THING.
WHAT PERSONALITY THING?
OH, YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT--
THE MULTIPLE PERSONALITY
DISEASE.
YOU KNOW, THAT...
WHAT'S-HER-NAME HAD.
THE FLYING NUN,
IN THE OTHER THING,
THE TV MOVIE.
SMOKEY AND THE BANDIT?
YEAH, DUDE.
SMOKEY AND THE BANDIT.
YES.
WHAT DOES THAT
HAVE TO DO
WITH MULTIPLE
PERSONALITIES?
I ASKED A REAL QUESTION.
GIVE ME A REAL ANSWER,
NOT A RANDOM GUESS.
OKAY, FINE.
HOOPER.
HOOPER?
HOOPER WAS A STUNT MAN.
OH.
I DON'T THINK
SALLY FIELD WAS EVEN IN HOOPER.
WHO ARE YOU THINKING OF?
TERRY BRADSHAW.
YES.
IS IT NORMA RAE?
NO, BUT THAT WOULD HAVE
MADE THAT MOVIE A LOT COOLER.
THE THING YOU'RE ASKING ABOUT,
SHAWN,
IS REFERRED TO AS
DISSOCIATIVE IDENTITY DISORDER.
THAT'S IT!
THAT'S WHAT ROBERT HAS, GUS.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
DO YOU KNOW HOW RARE THAT IS?
I'M NOT SAYING
ALL OF SANTA BARBARA HAS IT.
JUST ROBERT, ONE GUY.
I THINK THAT QUALIFIES
AS PRETI'Y RARE.
I DON'T KNOW, SHAWN.
THESE ARE HUGE.
LOOK. THINK ABOUT IT.
TWO SEPARATE
BUT DISTINCT PERSONALITIES,
ONE BODY.
ONE'S A MAN,
THE OTHER'S A WOMAN.
THE FEMALE PERSONALITY
COOKS DINNER.
ROBERT THINKS THE MEALS
ARE THE WORK OF A GHOST.
THE FEMALE REARRANGES
THE FURNITURE.
ROBERT THINKS, UH,
THE GHOST IS MOVING THINGS
WHEN HE'S NOT AROUND.
HIS OLD GIRLFRIEND DID SAY
THAT HE WOULD DISAPPEAR
FOR STRETCHES AT A TIME,
WHICH WOULD EXPLAIN.
WHEN THE FEMALE PERSONALITY
WAS IN CONTROL,
ROBERT
WOULD DISAPPEAR.
AND HE WOULD HAVE NO CLUE
ABOUT ANY OF IT.
NOW, ALL WE NEED
TO FIGURE OUT
IS HOW TO BRING OUT THE WOMAN
SO THAT WE CAN TALK TO HER.
OKAY.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
TRIGGERS.
SHOOT HIM? THEN WHAT?
NO, NO.
SIGHTS, SOUNDS, SMELLS.
SOMETHING THAT WOULD TRIGGER
THE PERSONALITY TO COME OUT.
TRIGGERS IT IS.
GUS, THIS IS...
THIS IS GOING TO BE
KIND OF COOL.
OR WEIRD.
WHERE DID ALL THIS STUFF
COME FROM?
IS THIS
WHERE SHE LIVES?
THE... THE...
THE ANGRY FEMALE SPIRIT
THAT YOU SENSED?
OH... YES.
I FEEL HER
VERY STRONGLY HERE, ROBERT.
DO YOU?
DO YOU FEEL...
PRETI'Y?
WHAT?
DO YOU FEEL PRETI'Y?
HE... HE MEANS,
DO YOU FEEL
A FEMALE PRESENCE?
UH, NO, BUT I'M NOT PSYCHIC.
DO YOU THINK
THAT YOU CAN, UH--
[COUGHING]
COMMUNICATE WITH HER?
I'M TRYING.
IAM.
UH...
I'M SORRY.
OKAY.
YOU GUYS ARE STARTING
TO CREEP ME OUT,
SO IF I'M NOT NEEDED,
I THINK I'LL GO
BACK DOWNSTAIRS.
OKAY.
LET ME JUST
PUT THIS AWAY.
WE'LL ALL GO DOWN
TOGETHER.
YOU COMING, SHAWN?
YES.
OH...
WOW, ROBERT.
THESE ARE SOME
TERRIFIC CLOTH ES.
I BET THEY LOOK
ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL ON YOU...
REGINA.
REGINA? WHO--
WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO?
YES. YES, GUS.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL...
REGINA...
HOW MUCH
YOU LIKE HER NICE CLOTHES?
WOW.
YEAH, REGINA.
[WHISPERING]: REGINA.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
[EFFEMINATELY]:
THANK YOU, GUS.
I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW GLAD I AM
THAT YOU GOT MY MESSAGE.
SO...
DO YOU THINK
THAT YOU CAN HELP ME?
PLEASE?
DUDE.
THIS ISN'T RIGHT.
I MUST LOOK HORRIBLE.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
YOU ARE TOO KIND,
BUT, THEN AGAIN,
I ALREADY KNEW THAT.
THE WAY YOU COMFORTED ROBERT...
YOU WERE SO SWEET...
UNLIKE MOST MEN.
AFRAID TO SHOW THEIR EMOTIONS.
WELL, I...
I'VE BEEN HURT A LOT.
NOW, IF YOU TWO
DON'T MIND,
I REALLY MUST
PUT ON MY FACE.
WOW.
SO, REGINA,
THIS MESSAGE
ON THE WALL,
THIS WAS YOUR WAY
OF TRYING TO GET
ROBERT'S ATTENTION?
WELL, HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
I'M ALIVE.
WHY NOT WRITE HIM
A LETTER,
OR AN E-MAIL,
OR EVEN A POST-IT,
EVEN?
I TRIED.
I REALLY DID TRY.
BUT EVERY TIME,
SOMETHING OR SOMEONE
STOPPED YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I THINK
THERE'S ANOTHER PERSONALITY.
REGINA, THERE'S ANOTHER
PERSONALITY,
ISN'T THERE?
I MEAN, YOU DON'T
SMASH PICTURES
OR START FIRES.
YOU WOULD NEVER
STRANGLE ROBERT.
NO, I WOULDN'T.
REGINA,
THE POLICE WOULD LIKE
TO SPEAK WITH YOU.
THEY'RE INVESTIGATING
DR. BLINN'S MURDER.
THEY THINK YOU MIGHT HAVE
SEEN SOMETHING.
YOU COULD BE
IN DANGER.
I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING.
I DIDN'T EVEN GO
TO MY APPOINTMENT.
WHY WOULD ANYONE
WANT TO HURT DR. BLINN?
HE WAS
SUCH A NICE MAN,
AND HE WAS DOING SO MUCH
TO HELP ME.
WELL, YOU OUGHT TO KNOW BETTER
THAN TO ASK THAT.
THAT'S BETWEEN A WOMAN
AND HER DOCTOR.
[QUIETLY]: OKAY.
UNLESS YOU'RE GOING TO
ASK HER OUT,
I THINK
WE'RE DONE HERE.
HOW DO WE GET ROBERT BACK?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
WELL, YOU'RE HER
VERY SPECIAL FRIEND.
UM...
REGINA?
WE WOULD LIKE TO
SPEAK WITH ROBERT.
CAN YOU LET ROBERT
COME OUT AND PLAY?
[SNAPS COMPACT CLOSED,
SETS IT DOWN]
FOR YOU?
OF COURSE I CAN.
THANK YOU.
AND I DO HOPE
THAT WE MEET AGAIN.
ROBERT?
TRY "BOB."
AAH!
[HYPERVENTILATING]
EASY, EASY,
EASY, EASY, EASY.
WE KNOW
IT SEEMS WEIRD--
AND-- AND--
AND ACTUALLY, IT IS.
IT'S REALLY WEIRD.
BUT WE HAVE GOOD NEWS.
WE FIGURED OUT
WHO YOUR GHOST IS.
WHO?
YOU.
[CHUCKLING AWKWARDLY]
YOU'RE HAUNTING
YOURSELF.
YEP, LIFE IS GOOD.
LIFE IS GREAT.
ROBERT GETS THE HELP
HE SO DESPERATELY NEEDS,
AND WE GET TO MARINATE
IN THE DELICIOUS
SATISFACTION
OF ANOTHER JOB
WELL DONE.
LEADING LASSITER
TO REGINA,
EVEN THOUGH
SHE SAW NOTHING?
THAT'S PROFESSIONAL
COURTESY.
PLUS, IT HELPS
RAISE OUR STOCK, GUS.
OOH! CRIME SCENE PHOTOS!
LOVE CRIME SCENE PHOTOS.
MAY I HELP YOU?
DETECTIVE O'HARA.
WHAT A TRULY
PLEASANT SURPRISE.
MM-HMM.
I JUST DROPPED BY
TO TELL DETECTIVE LASSITER
THAT I HAVE--
WE...
YEAH.
HAVE INFORMATION
REGARDING
THE WHEREABOUTS
OF A ONE REGINA KANE.
HOW DID YOU KNOW ABOUT--
NEVER MIND.
STAY RIGHT HERE. DON'T MOVE.
I'LL GO FIND HIM.
OOH!
SHAWN?
SHAWN, DON'T DO THIS.
[HUMMING]
[GUNSHOTS]
OH, GUS, LOOK AT THIS!
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK!
WHAT?
HERE, ON THE FLOOR,
WHERE POOR DR. BLINN'S
BODY WAS LAYING.
A TOOTHPICK.
A CHEWED TOOTHPICK.
YEAH. SO?
DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
THE CAR THAT TRIED TO RAMMED US?
ON THE SEAT?
CH EWED TOOTH PICK.
OH!
OH, THAT MEANS...
THE PERSON THAT KILLED DR. BLINN
IS THE SAME PERSON
THAT TRIED TO KILL US.
IT'S A CH EWED
TOOTHPICK, SHAWN.
LOTS OF PEOPLE CHEW TOOTHPICKS.
YES, BUT WE WERE WORKING
FOR ROBERT.
ROBERT IS ALSO REGINA.
REGINA IS A PATIENT
OF...
DR. BLINN.
YES! TAKE THE BATON!
SO WHOEVER THE KILLER IS
KNEW BOTH ROBERT
AND REGINA.
HE SAID HIS NAME WAS--
GET THIS--
MARTIN BRODY.
HOW DUMB IS THAT?
OH!
MARTIN BRODY.
OF COURSE.
THAT'S ROBERT'S
OTHER PERSONALITY--
THE VIOLENT ONE.
BUT WHY WOULD HE KILL
DR. BLINN?
THAT DEPENDS ENTIRELY
ON WHAT REGINA
WAS SEEING HIM FOR.
OH, YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
WHAT?
DR. BLINN'S PATIENT FILES.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO
IS FIND REGINA'S.
[COCKS GUN]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HMM?
SHOOTING.
IT RELAXES ME.
SHAWN SPENCER SAYS
HE HAS INFORMATION
FOR YOU.
WHERE IS HE?
AT YOUR DESK.
IS ANYONE WATCHING HIM?
UH...
FOUND IT.
OH, NO.
WHAT?
GENDER REASSIGNMENT?
OH...
REGINA'S TIRED
OF FEELING LIKE A WOMAN
TRAPPED IN A MAN'S BODY,
SO SHE WANTS TO
HAVE HER PARTS...
OH, MY G--
WAIT A SECOND.
THAT MEANS,
IF REGINA WAS SUCCESSFUL,
BOTH ROBERT
AND THE MARTIN PERSONALITY
WOULD ALSO LOSE THEIR PARTS.
BUT MARTIN CAN'T DO ANYTHING
TO HURT REGINA,
BECAUSE HE'D ONLY BE
HURTING HIMSELF.
SO, DRESSED AS REGINA,
HE GOES AFTER DR. BLINN.
THAT WOULD EXPLAIN
HOW ROBERT
GOT THE MARKS
ON HIS NECK,
AND WITH DR. BLINN DEAD,
ROBERT FIGURED
THAT REGINA
WOULD CHANGE HER MIND
ABOUT THE GENDER
REASSIGNMENT.
RIGHT!
WE GOT THAT!
ONLY SHE HASN'T.
GUS. NO, NO.
SHE FOUND ANOTHER DOCTOR.
SHE'S SEEING HIM. TODAY.
WHEN?
RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW, SHAWN?
LIKE IN 10 MINUTES.
OH. OKAY.
OKAY, NOW.
[WEEPING]
[SOBBING]
THERE HAD BETTER BE
A REALLY GOOD EXPLANATION
FOR THIS.
HE WAS IN SOME SORT OF TRANCE.
I COULDN'T CONTROL HIM.
[WEEPING]
HE SAYS THIS IS THE KILLER.
KILL...
HE'S GOING TO KILL AGAIN.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
WHO?
WHO'S HE GOING TO KILL?
WHAT IS IT, SHAWN?
[GASPS]
WATCH OUT,
WATCH OUT!
[BABBLING]
[SOBBING]
DR. DRAKE?
[WHIMPERING]
GENDER REASSIGNMENT?
THAT'S A BIG STEP, REGINA.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
WHY IT'S IMPORTANT TO YOU.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
IT'S OKAY.
THE MACHINE
CAN GET THAT.
THIS IS YOUR TIME.
THANK YOU, DR. DRAKE.
NO ANSWER.
IT'S JUST THE MACHINE.
WE HAVE TO GO NOW.
IT COULD ALREADY BE TOO LATE.
LET'S GO.
I KNOW THIS CAN BE
A DIFFICULT PROCESS,
BUT IT REALLY IS NECESSARY
TO ENSURE THAT YOU'RE READY
PSYCHOLOGICALLY
FOR A CHANGE LIKE THIS.
YOU DO SEEM LIKE
AN EXCELLENT CANDIDATE
FOR SURGERY.
OUR TIME IS UP.
WHY DON'T WE PICK UP HERE
AGAIN NEXT WEEK, OKAY, REGINA?
OKEY-DOKEY.
ONLY...
MY NAME IS NOT REGINA.
HOLD IT!
GET UP!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
[SHAWN]: ROBERT? BOB?
YOU BACK THERE, BUDDY?
WHAT AM I DOING HERE?
GREAT.
THAN KS.
GOOD NEWS.
THEY'RE GOING TO
ADMIT ROBERT
INTO THE H.T. WINDSOR
FACILITY
IN CHICAGO,
AND HIS DOCTOR THINKS
HIS PROGNOSIS IS GOOD.
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND, SHAWN?
THAT'S THE PREMIER
MENTAL HEALTH HOSPITAL
IN THE COUNTRY.
YEAH, THAT'S GOOD.
THAT'S AWESOME.
WHO IS THAT?
LESLIE.
OH, NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
LESLIE IS SUPPOSED TO BE
A SWIMSUIT MODEL.
UNFORTUNATELY, HE IS,
ALTHOUGH HE SAYS
HE'S GETTING
COMPLETELY SICK
OF THE GRIND.
I HAVE TO CALL THE AGENCY.
THEY'RE COMPLETELY
MISREPRESENTING THEIR CLIENTELE.
LESLIE'S A GUY'S NAME, TOO.
OKAY.
WE HAVE TO FIRE HIM.
FIRE HIM?
ON WHAT GROUNDS?
WHAT GROUNDS?
ON THE GROUNDS THAT HE'S A DUDE.
THAT'S
DISCRIMINATION.
WE CAN'T DO THAT.
OKAY, LISTEN TO ME.
NO WOMAN IS GOING TO
LOOK AT US TWICE
IF WE'RE SHARING OUR OFFICE
WITH THAT RIDICULOUS ADONIS.
HE'S BETTER-LOOKING
THAN BOTH OF US PUT TOGETHER.
YEAH.
I'M NOT DOING IT.
GUS.
YOU KNOW I CAN'T FIRE PEOPLE.
THEY LOOK TOO SAD.
THIS WAS YOUR IDEA.
FIGURE IT OUT.
[KEYBOARD TAPPING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[***]
* IN BETWEEN THE LINES
THERE'S A LOT OF OBSCURITY *
* I'M NOT INCLINED
TO RESIGN TO MATURITY *
* IF IT'S ALL RIGHT
THEN YOU'RE ALL WRONG *
* BUT WHY BOUNCE AROUND
TO THE SAME DAMN SONG? *
* YOU'D RATHER RUN
WHEN YOU CAN CRAWL *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
THAT I'M NOT TELLING THE TRUTH *
THEY JUST DON'T HAVE ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
LEARN HOW TO BEND *
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* THEY WILL PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* I KNOW YOU KNOW *